README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="./src/assets/hero.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Space Travelers</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Space Travelers <a name="about-project"></a>

**Space Travelers** uses the Space X API to display a list of Rockets and a list of Missions, the user will be able to book a rocket or a mission and also to see all the rockets and missions reserved in the My Profile page.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>
- **The page is built with React and Redux**
- **The page consumes the Space X API**
- **The user can book a rocket or a mission and also cancel them**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Install Git
- Install Node JS
- You can use your favorite CLI and code editor.
### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:Diegogagan2587/space-travelers.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd space-travelers
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  npm run dev
```
Your project should be displayed automatically on your web browser on this port: http://localhost:5173/, if don't open it manually.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Diego Vidal Lopez**

- GitHub: [@Diegogagan2587](https://github.com/Diegogagan2587)
- Twitter: [@dieg02587](https://twitter.com/dieg02587)
- LinkedIn: [diego-vidal2587](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-vidal2587/)

👤 **Dani Morillo**

- GitHub: [@danifromecuador](https://github.com/danifromecuador)
- Twitter: [@danifromecuador](https://twitter.com/danifromecuador)
- LinkedIn: [danifromecuador](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danifromecuador/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add buttons to My Profile that allows join or leave a rocket or a mission**
- **Show a button show more that re directs to wikipedia space x page**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Diegogagan2587/space-travelers/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give me a star on my [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Diegogagan2587/space-travelers)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank [this youtuber](https://www.youtube.com/@WebDevSimplified) 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add live demo link wihtin readme file

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="./src/assets/hero.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Space Travelers</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Space Travelers <a name="about-project"></a>

**Space Travelers** uses the Space X API to display a list of Rockets and a list of Missions, the user will be able to book a rocket or a mission and also to see all the rockets and missions reserved in the My Profile page.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>
- **The page is built with React and Redux**
- **The page consumes the Space X API**
- **The user can book a rocket or a mission and also cancel them**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> would you like to see a demo? No worries, the link is just below:

- [Click for live demo](https://diegogagan2587.github.io/space-travelers/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Install Git
- Install Node JS
- You can use your favorite CLI and code editor.
### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:Diegogagan2587/space-travelers.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd space-travelers
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  npm run dev
```
Your project should be displayed automatically on your web browser on this port: http://localhost:5173/, if don't open it manually.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Diego Vidal Lopez**

- GitHub: [@Diegogagan2587](https://github.com/Diegogagan2587)
- Twitter: [@dieg02587](https://twitter.com/dieg02587)
- LinkedIn: [diego-vidal2587](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-vidal2587/)

👤 **Dani Morillo**

- GitHub: [@danifromecuador](https://github.com/danifromecuador)
- Twitter: [@danifromecuador](https://twitter.com/danifromecuador)
- LinkedIn: [danifromecuador](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danifromecuador/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add buttons to My Profile that allows join or leave a rocket or a mission**
- **Show a button show more that re directs to wikipedia space x page**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Diegogagan2587/space-travelers/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give me a star on my [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Diegogagan2587/space-travelers)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank [this youtuber](https://www.youtube.com/@WebDevSimplified) 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
